Attempts to bias correct and pulling out functions from `03` script (#56)
rossyndicate/upper_clp_dss: modeling/toc/03_ross_only_TOC_model.Rmd

source("src/plot_tvt_fold_perf.R")
#function to plot performance of each fold
source("src/plot_tvt_ensemble_perf.R")
#function to apply bias correction
source("src/apply_ml_bias_correction.R")
#load grab sample data function
source("src/load_grab_sample_data.R")
#function to plot model timeseries
source("src/plot_model_timeseries.R")
```

## Read in sensor dataset

> We should functionalize this chunk so that we can easily apply the scaling as we get new sensor data in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we read in the sensor data, apply min-max scaling defined in the `apply_sensor_transformations_toc()` function, and store the dataset for use later
```

Author: Thank you!!

## Save as "in_dev" and remove unneeded objects

If we want to test additional ideas for bias correction or look at model performance on timeseries data, we can just run this script until `model_training` and then load in the "in_dev" model file to avoid having to rerun all the tuning again.

```{r}
#commented out so we don't overwrite existing model files
# saveRDS(full_model, file = here("data", "derived", "models","TOC_realtime", "in_dev", paste0("ross_only_toc_xgboost_models_full_",version,".rds")))
#if we want to reload model
#full_model <- readRDS(here("data", "derived", "models","TOC_realtime", "in_dev", paste0("ross_only_toc_xgboost_models_full_",version,".rds")))

rm(list = setdiff(ls(), c("train_val", "testing", "full_model","version","id_cols",
                          "complete_sensor_data",
                          #keeping functions around
                          "apply_training_scale","plot_tvt_fold_perf","plot_tvt_ensemble_perf",
                          "apply_ml_bias_correction", "load_grab_sample_data", "plot_model_timeseries" )) )
```

> # Bias Correction

Reviewer: I'd suggest popping out the bias correction into it's own script.
